[ANCHOR-704] Clean up `amount_fee` and add `user_action_required_by` (#935)
stellar/stellar-docs: platforms/anchor-platform/admin-guide/sep6/configuration.mdx

</CodeExample>

> Businesses can set a deadline for user actions on transactions using the `user_action_required_by` field. For examples, see [JSON-RPC Methods][json-rpc-methods]. In addition, the `initial_user_deadline_seconds` parameter allows setting a default time period (in seconds) to help populate the deadline timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Businesses can set a deadline for user actions on transactions using the `user_action_required_by` field. For examples, see [JSON-RPC Methods][json-rpc-methods]. In addition, the `initial_user_deadline_seconds` parameter sets a default time (in seconds) a user has to act before the transaction moves into the `EXPIRED` status.
```
